Added new folder and files for Vault License FAQs (#11809)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/enterprise/license/index.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Vault Enterprise License
description: An overview of license.
---

# Vault License

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: Looks like there's some merge cruft left behind here.

---
layout: docs
page_title: Vault Enterprise License
description: An overview of license.
---

# Vault License

> Licenses and EULA enhancements have been introduced in Vault 1.8 release. Please refer to the FAQs for common questions concerning these changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vault Enterprise end-user license agreement (EULA) enhancements have been introduced in Vault 1.8 release. Please refer to the FAQs for common questions concerning these changes.

The [Install a HashiCorp Enterprise License](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/nomad/hashicorp-enterprise-license?in=vault/enterprise) tutorial provides the instruction to load your Vault license.
```
